README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm **Phemelo Sebopelo**  
### Aspiring Data Analyst • SQL • Python • Tableau  

I build real-world data projects and document my growth.  
Focused on clarity, clean visuals, and getting better every day.

---

## 🌐 Banner (Coming Soon)
<!-- When your banner is ready, replace this with:
<img src="assets/banner.png" width="100%" />
-->
</div>

---

# 💻 Tech Stack  

### 🟨 Languages  
<div align="center">

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

</div>

### 🎨 Frontend  
<div align="center">

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E44D26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

</div>

### 📊 Data & Visualization  
<div align="center">

![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-005C8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37726?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white)

</div>

### 🔧 Tools  
<div align="center">

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

# 📌 About Me  

I’m a BSc IT student building a strong foundation in data analysis and practical development.  
I enjoy cleaning data, exploring datasets, writing SQL queries, building dashboards,  
and turning raw information into clear, understandable insights.

- 🔍 Interested in data analytics & automation  
- 📊 Working with SQL, Python, Pandas, Tableau  
- 🌱 Creating a clean HTML portfolio  
- 🔧 Documenting growth through real projects  
- 🚀 Improving my craft one project at a time  

---

# 📁 Highlighted Projects  

### 📌 **Netflix Data Analysis**  
**Python • Pandas • Matplotlib**  
Cleaned & analyzed Netflix titles, visualized insights about genres & content trends.

---

### 📌 **South African Crime Data Analysis**  
**Python • CSV Automation**  
Explored crime rates, categories & visualized nationwide crime trends.

---

### 📌 **Bankruptcy Prediction (ML)**  
**Python • Scikit-learn**  
Built Logistic Regression + Random Forest models on financial bankruptcy dataset.

---

### 📌 **VITACARE Telemedicine (Group Project)**  
**HTML • CSS**  
Contributed to UI structure, page layout & documentation.

---

## 📊 GitHub Activity & Stats

<div align="center">

<!-- streak -->
<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=Phemelocodemode&theme=tokyonight" height="160" />

<!-- main stats -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Phemelocodemode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160" />

<!-- top langs (try this first) -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Phemelocodemode&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&cache_seconds=0&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

# 🐍 Contribution Snake  
<div align="center">

![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)  
![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

</div>

---

# 🧠 Random Dev Quote  
<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/quote.svg" alt="Custom quote" />
</div>

---

# 📬 Let’s Connect

📧 **Email:** phemelosebopelo14@gmail.com  
🔗 **LinkedIn:** https://www.linkedin.com/in/phemelo-sebopelo-a428712b2/  


Portfolio
LinkedIn
GitHub
---

<div align="center">

### ⭐ _"Improving my craft one project at a time."_  
</div>

Commit message:

Enhance contact section with badges and quote
Updated contact section with badges for LinkedIn, GitHub, and Resume. Removed old text links and added a personal quote.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm **Phemelo Sebopelo**  
### Aspiring Data Analyst • SQL • Python • Tableau  

I build real-world data projects and document my growth.  
Focused on clarity, clean visuals, and getting better every day.

---

## 🌐 Banner (Coming Soon)
<!-- When your banner is ready, replace this with:
<img src="assets/banner.png" width="100%" />
-->
</div>

---

# 💻 Tech Stack  

### 🟨 Languages  
<div align="center">

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

</div>

### 🎨 Frontend  
<div align="center">

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E44D26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

</div>

### 📊 Data & Visualization  
<div align="center">

![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-005C8C?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37726?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white)

</div>

### 🔧 Tools  
<div align="center">

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

# 📌 About Me  

I’m a BSc IT student building a strong foundation in data analysis and practical development.  
I enjoy cleaning data, exploring datasets, writing SQL queries, building dashboards,  
and turning raw information into clear, understandable insights.

- 🔍 Interested in data analytics & automation  
- 📊 Working with SQL, Python, Pandas, Tableau  
- 🌱 Creating a clean HTML portfolio  
- 🔧 Documenting growth through real projects  
- 🚀 Improving my craft one project at a time  

---

# 📁 Highlighted Projects  

### 📌 **Netflix Data Analysis**  
**Python • Pandas • Matplotlib**  
Cleaned & analyzed Netflix titles, visualized insights about genres & content trends.

---

### 📌 **South African Crime Data Analysis**  
**Python • CSV Automation**  
Explored crime rates, categories & visualized nationwide crime trends.

---

### 📌 **Bankruptcy Prediction (ML)**  
**Python • Scikit-learn**  
Built Logistic Regression + Random Forest models on financial bankruptcy dataset.

---

### 📌 **VITACARE Telemedicine (Group Project)**  
**HTML • CSS**  
Contributed to UI structure, page layout & documentation.

---

## 📊 GitHub Activity & Stats

<div align="center">

<!-- streak -->
<img src="https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=Phemelocodemode&theme=tokyonight" height="160" />

<!-- main stats -->
<img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Phemelocodemode&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" height="160" />

<!-- top langs (try this first) -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Phemelocodemode&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&cache_seconds=0&hide_border=true)

</div>

---

# 🐍 Contribution Snake  
<div align="center">

![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)  
![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Platane/snk/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg#gh-light-mode-only)

</div>

---

# 🧠 Random Dev Quote  
<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/quote.svg" alt="Custom quote" />
</div>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect  

[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-111111?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white)](#)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/phemelo-sebopelo-a428712b2/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-24292F?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Phemelocodemode)
[![Resume PDF](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-PDF-EF4444?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeacrobatreader&logoColor=white)](./Phemelo-Sebopelo-CV.pdf)

---

⭐ *"This repo isn't just code — it's my story, my brand, and my way of connecting with the world."*

<div align="center">
  
**Developed by — _Phemelo Sebopelo_**

</div>

---
